Consider confidence values in 'ensure_consistent_bilou_tagging' (#6639)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/nlu-training-data.mdx

To fill slots from entities with a specific role/group, you need to either define a custom slot mappings using
[Forms](forms.mdx) or use [Custom Actions](custom-actions.mdx) to extract the corresponding entity directly from the tracker.

> ### Entity with BILOU tagging

Reviewer: Placement is fine for now, i'll find a spot with it when reviewing your updates to this page :) 
```suggestion
### BILOU Entity Tagging
```

> [DIETClassifier](./components.mdx#dietclassifier) and [CRFEntityExtractor](./components.mdx#crfentityextractor)
> have the option `BILOU_flag`.
> `BILOU` is short for `Beginning, Inside, Last, Outside, and Unit-length` and refers to a tagging schema that can be
> used by the machine learning model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [DIETClassifier](./components.mdx#dietclassifier) and [CRFEntityExtractor](./components.mdx#crfentityextractor)
have the option `BILOU_flag`, which refers to a tagging schema that can be
used by the machine learning model when processing entities.
`BILOU` is short for Beginning, Inside, Last, Outside, and Unit-length.

```

For example, the training example

```
[Alex]{"entity": "person"} is going with [Marty A. Rick]{"entity": "person"} to [Los Angeles]{"entity": "location"}.
```

> is first split into a list of tokens and then the machine learning model applies the tagging schema
> depending on the option `BILOU_flag` during training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is first split into a list of tokens. Then the machine learning model applies the tagging schema
as shown below, depending on the value the `BILOU_flag`:
```

> | token   | BILOU tagging schema | normal tagging schema |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| token   | `BILOU_flag = true`  | `BILOU_flag = false`  |
```

|---------|----------------------|-----------------------|
| alex    | U-person             | person                |
| is      | O                    | O                     |
| going   | O                    | O                     |
| with    | O                    | O                     |
| marty   | B-person             | person                |
| a       | I-person             | person                |
| rick    | L-person             | person                |
| to      | O                    | O                     |
| los     | B-location           | location              |
| angeles | L-location           | location              |

The BILOU tagging schema is richer compared to the normal tagging schema. It may help to improve the
performance of the machine learning model when predicting entities.

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note inconsistent bilou tags
```

> When the option `BILOU_flag` is set to `True`, it might happen that the model is predicting inconsistent BILOU tags, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the option `BILOU_flag` is set to `True`, the model may predict inconsistent BILOU tags, e.g.
```
